docs(dashboard-widget-builder): Added section for setting thresholds. (#8250)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/dashboards/widget-builder/index.mdx

If you select “Custom Equation”, an extra field appears where you can enter an equation of your choice that will be applied to the query:

![Custom equation field.](widget-builder-custom-equation-field.png)

## Set Thresholds

> The option for setting thresholds is only available for [Big Number visualizations](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/#big-number). Thresholds help identify problematic widgets, using coloured indicators. Hovering over the coloured indicators at the dashboard level displays the thresholds associated with a widget. Units can be attached to thresholds if the involved metric is of type duration or rate. An example metric with units would be “p95 of all transactions”.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option for setting thresholds is only available for [big number visualizations](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/#big-number). Thresholds help identify problematic widgets with colored indicators. Hovering over the colored indicators at the dashboard level displays the thresholds associated with a widget. Units can be attached to thresholds for duration or rate metric types. An example metric with units would be “p95 of all transactions”.

```
